curious our new sublimation trading heat
press machine
here is the printed picture you can see
stick the picture to the cup remember
stick it very firmly using a tape now
you can see the picture is full on the
mouth
here is the ruble clan you can see the
green rubber clan stick it on the
printed picture very firmly remember to
attach it fondly here we go you can see
the mark
bottoms up face down keep it in the
machine and close it it's ready to dough
turn on the power set the temperature to
200 degrees and the time is 8 minutes
and let's start the machine now start
you
here is the way we make the iPhone cover
picture this is the plastic iPhone cover
this is the mode for the iPhone cover
and fix the plastic cover onto the mold
here is the print a picture for the
iPhone cover stick the picture on the
phone very firmly use the tape
remember to stick it very firmly here we
go
cut the four corners of the picture
using the scissors
keep the printed picture with the mode
and the cover into the machine we can
have four covers at a time
cover the vacuum plate press the vacuum
and
machine go in the temperature to 190
degrees and the time is six minutes here
we go
you
place is a very beautiful decoration
crafts before we use the old machine to
make the decoration on the plate you can
use a tin challenge but we need to
change the heating pads you can see it's
very difficult and very problematic the
picture comes out is not at all clear
not complete sometimes the picture is
hot
sometimes the plate is broken so here
are the introduce of a new machine to
make the decoration of the plate here
you can see it's the same as we did for
the mounts take the picture stick it
with the tape put it in the machine you
can have two plates at the time cover
the vacuum plate turn on the vacuum
cover the machine
and here is the setting of the machine
temperature case to 195 degrees and the
time is seven minutes to get a proper
clear picture on the blade we advise our
valuable customers to use a piece of
paper and arrange it on the plate so
that it the plate can become 100 percent
vacuum free here we get the anti plate
homes in the process
here you can see the difference between
the two plays play on which we use the
paper is completely airtight its vacuum
free and this plate is not vacuum free
here is the sublimation crystal this is
a sublimation glass here you see is our
sublimation rocks these are the
sublimation tiles and this is the
sublimation at lirik for years we have
been using our old machine to do the
decoration on the sublimation particles
but the result was not very perfect
sometimes the pictures were not clear
not very and sometimes incomplete so
here we introduce our new 3d sublimation
heat press machine we invite our
technicians to show us how we can do
these beautiful crafts on this frog
here you are this is the printed paper
the picture we can paste the picture on
the rock using a tape remember make it
of rigid the tape should be very rigid
here you can see it's ready for
something
phrase we can have our sublimation
articles in the machine cover the vacuum
plate press the vacuum button and close
the car